Shh.
For this next one.
you need to be very.
very quiet.
Because you're about to do
something very wrong.
Be careful.
And don't get caught.
Have you ever wondered
what it would feel like
to watch someone?
To invade someone's privacy?
Do you wonder what secrets
you might uncover?
What skeletons you might turn
up?
Well. for this next one.
you're about to find out.
A-4 on your map. kids.
Mother...
Now. don't say you're too afraid
or that you don't feel
comfortable doing this
kind of thing.
because guess what?
You spy on people every day.
We're always watching someone.
Following someone.
And being followed.
Facebook. Twitter. Instagram...
They've made us a society
of stalkers.
And we love it.
Of course. stalking
someone in real life is a
whole 'nother thing.
That's right.
I had a stalker.
And if you've made it to A-4.
you're outside his window.
Just like I am...
Right now.
Any guesses yet?
No?
Well. stay tuned to hear
about the skeletons he dug up.
For now...
Let's see if he's got
any of his own.
I get that it's a thrill
looking into someone's life.
My heart's pounding right now.
Can you hear it?
Listen.
Marcus!
You asshole. What the hell...
What are you doing?
Sorry. okay?
I said your name. like.
three times.
What are you
wearing?
Oh. I totally forgot.
I'm El Nino.
The tropical storm?
No? Okay.
Wow. I really hope you're not
one of the judges tomorrow.
'cause...
Marcus. what are you doing?
The costume contest.
Two hundred bucks.
Here... What are you doing
out here?
Oh.
I heard you. man.
The car alarm. I live right
over there.
Besides. you're not the first
one to come look at the famous
window.
We all did it.
And we all took our shot.
Wait. "we"?
Are you on the...
Why? What did you do?
Who knows? Okay?
I didn't listen.
I just started each tape
till I heard who it was.
figured out who came after me.
and passed 'em on.
But what about the second set?
Hannah said that if
we don't listen...
Hannah said. Dude.
Hannah's dead.
I'm sorry. but it's true.
Nothing anyone did to her
was any different
than what happens to every
girl at every high school.
She just wanted attention.
And leaving those tapes...
That's a fucked-up
thing to do!
No one deserves that.
Except maybe that psycho.
Tyler Down?
Dude. listen. take your shot
and pass those things on. man.
You'll feel better.
We need to get
this window fixed. Tyler.
It's time.
They're just gonna
break it again.
Who are these kids?
We need names.
I want to report it to the
school or to the police.
No.
We don't need to.
Just forget it.
I don't know who they are.
Dad. okay?
Why are they doing this?
I said I don't know. okay?
Can I just do my homework.
please?
Yeah.
Welcome to your tape.
Tyler Down.
Good night.
So. tell me...
When did it start?
How long were you watching
me. Tyler?
I can't believe you
don't like them.
Look. I'm just saying.
I don't...
Okay. vampires. aliens.
even werewolves. I get it.
I get the motivation.
I get the metaphors. right?
But. like. zombies?
They're just...
They're just stupid.
So you hate zombies?
You're a zombie racist.
Just. like. I don't
understand 'em.
What's their story?
They don't want to
take over the world.
kill their masters.
anything interesting.
They're not good or evil.
They're just hungry for brains.
I mean. like. brains.
Well...
Thank you
for walking me home.
And for destroying all future
zombie media for me forever.
Anytime.
Asshole.
Turn around. dude.
I didn't really think
anything of it at first.
Must have been the sound
of a tree branch in the wind.
But the sound followed me.
I was too scared to move...
Even to shut the blinds.
These pictures are
proof. They're gonna help
us in the fight.
And if we tear this room
apart...
I don't want to tear this room
apart. and I'm not sure I want
to fight.
We have to. For Hannah.
What about for us?
Honey. our daughter is gone.
Christ. Andy. I know that!
I have to know why.
I need to know why.
And if you don't. I...
I didn't sleep much that night.
You should know.
But then. the pictures
you took that night
aren't the reason you're on
this tape.
are they?
We're talking about one
picture in particular.
God damn it. Tyler.
How bad is it?
Oh. um...
Hey. Dad.
How bad is what?
I'll never forget
my first hangover.
Uh... Yeah. First.
Is that what I'm feeling?
Ugh.
I prefer to leave my lectures
in the lecture hall. but.
you know.
there's actually an important
lesson to be learned
from a hangover.
Don't drink?
Sure. but... You'll drink.
It happens.
The overarching lesson is that
actions have consequences.
Judging from the way you look.
you've probably suffered
enough for today.
What is that?
Hot sauce. horseradish.
kale. a raw egg.
and. uh. about six other
things designed to cure
a hangover.
Oh. no. don't smell it.
Just drink.
So. listen. uh. I talked
to Mom about the
grounding situation
and all it entails.
and I managed to convince
her to stay her ruling.
on one condition.
You gotta start opening
up to us. kid.
Just... You know.
let us know what's going on.
Only enough to keep us informed.
And your mother also prefers
no more closed doors.
Literal and figurative.
Oh. and no big spread
this morning.
It's just us. so cereal okay?
Wait. where's Mom?
So. mood swings.
Refusal to participate
in group activities.
change in their appearance...
You're making me feel
like a bad student.
I'm starting to feel
like a bad parent.
Declining GPA
and substance abuse.
Now. paying close attention
to these warning signs
can help you
prevent your children
from making a
terrible mistake.
Okay. Thank you. Mr. Porter.
for that informative
presentation.
If anybody has questions.
we're happy to answer
them now.
Yeah?
What can you tell us about
this lawsuit?
Was that girl bullied?
Actually. legally. we are
not allowed to discuss that.
but we can all become more
involved in our children's
lives. okay?
And that starts at home.
Yeah?
Should we be worried about
our own kids being bullied?
In our experience.
relative to many
other schools.
we do not have a problem
with bullying.
Then why did that girl do it?
That girl's name is Hannah.
Mrs. Baker.
It's so good to see you.
We didn't know you'd
be joining us.
Well. I'm still a member of
the school community. right?
And if you want to know why...
I suggest you ask
your own children.
Or take a look at the walls
of the restrooms
they use everyday.
"Bitch."
"Slut."
"Whore."
"Die." Die!
These are the words carved
on the walls of the bathrooms
they use.
and your kids did the carving.
Tyler.
Wait. hey. Tyler.
Tyler. Hey.
I'm sorry. man.
This fucking chain is gay.
You look really hot.
I look like a punk rock dog.
Mmm-hmm.
What? Justin. what?
You said you wanted
to do this.
I do. I'm here. right?
I'm doing it.
What the fuck are you
looking at. Jensen?
He's checking out
our awesome costumes.
Clay gets it. right?
Yeah.
Sid Vicious. born John
Ritchie. bassist for
the Sex Pistols.
and his girlfriend Nancy
Spungen.
Nice.
But you know how the story
ends. right?
What? How does the story end?
Thanks. Clay.
How does the story end?
I don't know.
I think you kill me.
Alex. hey.
Alex! Hey.
Have you seen Tyler?
Why?
I did research about
what he did.
I think that we should...
No. see. there's
no "we." okay?
You should be very careful
about who you talk to.
There he is!
Jensen!
Nice work last night. buddy.
You can hold your booze.
Yeah. I bet he puked
like a bitch.
Fuck you. Dempsey.
You puked on three wine
coolers last weekend.
Yeah. because they
were strawberry.
I'm allergic.
I'm having a Halloween thing
at my place. super small.
You should come.
Alex will be there.
I. uh.
I'll think about it.
What. you got something
else to do?
How about French?
Madam Steinberg?
You needed help with
the homework.
Why would I need your help...
I mean. yeah. sure. Whatever.
Think about it. Jensen.
I have a better grade
than you in French.
I was just trying to help.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Where was your help
last night?
Where'd you go?
I had a family thing.
Family thing?
Yeah.
That's good.
"Megan is a whore
and a..."
What on earth is a "cum
dumpster"?
Well. sir. I
assume... Well. it could be a
guy or a girl. actually.
Oh. Jesus Christ.
These kids. they can't
even spell.
and they come up with this shit.
How have we never
seen this before?
Oh. well. faculty is not
supposed to be in the
students' restroom.
I could call the janitorial
staff and see if they could
repaint these walls.
Well. I think we should.
although...
I don't know how this
is going to calm Olivia Baker
at all.
Yeah.
I'm wondering if her husband
is any more reasonable.
I actually know Andy a bit.
I shop at their store.
I understand about the grief.
all right?
It's just the...
It's the grasping for blame.
It's just graffiti. right?
Oh. my God!
In honor of
Halloween. your in-class
essay today
will analyze this quote
from chapter four
of Beyond Good and Evil.
"Whoever fights monsters
should see to it
"that he does not become a
monster."
Psst.
I'm worried about you. Clay.
Why aren't you entering
the costume contest?
Because I'm not wearing
a costume.
Can you think of
the abyss in your own life?
Can you think of an occasion
in the book where the
protagonist lost their way?
What monsters have you...
Psst.
You're gonna get in trouble.
Watch and learn.
You sleep in class?
Are you kidding?
With my schedule.
power naps are essential.
I just couldn't sleep
last night.
Obsessing over the history exam?
Uh. no.
About who you're going to take
to the Winter Formal?
People take people to that?
Quiet study. please.
What else has you up nights?
I think there's someone
outside my window.
What. like a burglar?
Like someone taking pictures.
No way!
Shh.
Nothing that interesting
ever happens to me.
I'm not sure "interesting"
is the first word that
comes to mind.
It's sort of awful.
You have to do something
about it.
Like what?
I don't know.
But I'll help.
Girls.
I didn't realize you were
taking photography.
Yep. the project is all about
contrast.
which is why we have
to do it at night.
and which is why I have
to sleep over.
It's due tomorrow.
I see.
I would like to have your
parents' number. just in case.
Already put the Bakers
in your contacts.
You'll make sure to text me
before you go to bed?
Yes.
And you're sure
you don't want me to help...
I've got it. Dad. really.
Okay. okay.
He's very involved.
That's the worst. right?
No. it's cool.
I like that you can
just talk to him.
I wish I could do that.
Grass is always greener.
I guess.
That was the first time I've
ever lied to either of them.
Welcome to the dark side.
Technically. it's for bears.
Supposedly. like. blinds
the bears. giving you
time to runaway.
So. who do you think
it could be?
I don't know.
but there's this
creepy old dude on the corner
who walks with an umbrella
on perfectly sunny days.
Weird.
Exactly.
My money's on him.
He's gonna need more than an
umbrella to block the rays of
this thing. Wanna see?
You may want to look away.
I'm amazed
you still shoot on film.
I shoot all different ways.
but film really makes you
focus on the image
you're creating.
It's not just there for you
on a screen.
These are...
Really good.
Yeah.
I need you to print a few
for the tribute issue.
Okay.
Can you get them in time?
Yeah. I'm already started.
That one.
This candid.
Wow.
This one.
You really did capture her.
didn't you?
Um...
I've really got a lot
of work to do.
Do you think you could...
Yeah.
Yeah. okay. cool.
Yeah. no. um...
You've got a real eye.
Jesus. Clay.
what are you doing in here?
Just seeing what our
prize-winning photographer
is working on.
Interesting stuff.
Well. no. don't.
This is all for yearbook only.
You're not supposed
to be here.
Really? You're gonna
call me out on trespassing?
I heard your tape.
And throwing a rock
through my window
isn't enough?
I didn't throw one.
So. what do you want. then?
I want you to delete
the photos you took.
Destroy the negatives.
Whatever.
Or I'm turning you in.
Turning me in?
What. are you gonna turn
everybody in?
Like Justin and Alex?
You stalked her.
I'm the student life
photographer. okay?
I stalk everybody.
It's my job.
That means you stand
outside everyone's windows?
No. it doesn't mean that.
That's a relief.
'Cause a first-time offense
is only six months in jail.
but for repeat offenders.
that's a year.
That's not a thing.
Criminal invasion of a minor's
privacy. Look it up.
I don't think they'll let you
have a camera in prison.
but maybe you can draw pictures.
I'm not a criminal.
You are.
And you're a creep.
I just took pictures.
You humiliated her.
I didn't mean to.
You ruined her.
I loved her!
And I know I barely knew her.
but I...
I saw her.
Most people. you put a camera
on them. and they smile.
They pose.
They basically fake it.
You don't see them.
you see their mask.
Whenever my camera was on
Hannah. she was
different.
Like. real. and...
I fell in love with that.
Real.
So. yeah. I took pictures
of her. but that's because
girls like that
don't hang out with
the yearbook guy. with me.
Why didn't you just talk to her?
Why didn't you?
What do you mean?
Come on. I stalk
everybody. remember?
I don't miss much.
You loved her. too.
And all you did was watch her
from the sidelines. so...
I guess we're not
so different.
are we?
Delete the pictures. Tyler.
Destroy them. All of them.
Come on.
You sure you don't
want to keep just one?
Okay. everybody.
Drumroll. please.
Tight race. you guys. but I
think we've narrowed down
our finalists.
We're gonna choose
the winner by applause.
The costume with the most
applause takes home 200
smackers. so...
Genius is so often
misunderstood.
Mud divers!
Hey. you okay?
Yeah.
You kept listening. didn't you?
I know that feeling. man.
It hurts bad. I know it.
Let yourself off the hook. man.
Hannah's gone.
And it's terrible.
but we've got to live on.
And let go.
Come hang out with me and Zach
and everybody tonight.
Bring the tapes.
We'll figure it out.
Okay. okay. okay.
Ladies and gents.
I think we have a winner!
Justin and Jessica.
as sexy punk rockers!
Whoo-hoo! Yeah!
Sid and Nancy. for fuck's sake.
Come on! Whoo!
Pathetic. right?
What?
The way they celebrate
themselves and
just their whole group.
It's...
It's better to stay outside
of it all.
You know?
No. I don't know.
Seriously?
You're following me
into the bathroom now?
Silent treatment. Wow.
You know what? Good.
'Cause I'm tired of it all
anyway.
Clay.
Oh. it speaks!
Clay. those guys are using you.
They just want to shut you down.
And whatever they're offering
you. they're lying.
You lied to me.
You lied about where
you were last night.
I saw you. With your brothers.
I saw you beating up that guy.
Or were you just
"helping" him too?
Clay.
Clay!
Oh. fuck.
- Still open?
- Still open.
Oh. thank God.
My wife would kill me
if I came home
empty-handed again.
Okay.
You got. uh.
two different sizes here.
I got two different kids.
two and a half and nine months.
I'm running on fumes here.
I think I slept a few hours
last week.
I remember those times.
Oh!
We ran out of these last year.
You know. I fought
having the Walplex
move in. too.
I mean. maybe it's open late.
but it's not this. you know?
It's not people we know.
Well. thank you.
We appreciate your business.
'Course. if I've learned
anything from watching high
school football.
the bigger team always
seems to win.
Am I right?
Um...
Look. I know this whole
lawsuit thing
has made it hard to talk
to people.
but if you ever needed
someone to talk to...
Not me. of course.
That would be...
Um...
I could recommend someone.
You know. a professional.
Yeah. thank you. that's a very
kind offer. but. uh...
I think we're handling it our
own way.
Don't forget your keys.
Good luck with your store.
Come on!
Hey. hey. whoa. whoa!
What are you guys doing?
Let's go. let's go!
Get out of here.
Drop it. right now!
You stay right there
while I call the police.
Wait. this wasn't me.
It's in your hand.
No. I was taking it down.
Really.
Mrs. Baker. I knew Hannah.
We used to work together.
I was riding by.
and I saw these kids...
You knew Hannah?
I did.
Would you want to come inside?
Sure.
Bye.
We won't be late.
I don't know.
Maybe we should just
change the reservations
to another night.
They'll be fine.
I think this place will
probably charge the card
if we move it.
Wow.
You said you wanted
a nice restaurant.
Um. what are you guys still
doing here?
Your mother thinks
that we should stay home.
And break date night?
You guys. go.
Do. yeah. date night things
I'm trying not to picture
right now.
The only thing...
We've got pizza money.
I'm just thinking maybe
I should cook dinner for
your new friend.
She's gonna be my new
ex-friend if you guys
don't stop acting weird.
Okay.
All right. have fun.
Thank you.
I love you.
Okay. bye.
Alone at last.
Shall we?
Okay. so...
Once it's dark and we hear him
outside the window...
We open the window
and flash the light.
Mmm-hmm. And expose creepy
umbrella guy.
Argh!
Oh. my God.
don't say "expose."
What if he's...
Ew.
Okay.
For the first time.
I'm freaking.
Me too.
Do we need...
Courage?
I could use some courage.
My husband was the one
who suggested
that we not give out
candy this year.
He thought seeing all the kids
would make me too emotional.
Now all it's done
is attract them.
I'm really sorry.
Kids can be...
Yes.
They can.
Did you...
Did you want a soda
or something?
I'm really fine. thank you.
Hannah didn't have
many friends. so I'm...
I'm thrilled to finally
meet one.
Clay. was it?
Yes. Clay Jensen.
You do look familiar. though.
You said that
you two worked together?
Right. At the Crestmont.
I wonder if she said
anything to you.
Did she ever talk to you about
her experiences at school?
Uh. experiences?
I mean. did she ever say
anything to you
that would indicate that she
might have been mistreated
or bullied in any way?
I. uh...
We didn't really talk about
that kind of thing. I guess.
Maybe I was more of. um.
an acquaintance than
a close friend.
I see.
We moved to this town for a
fresh start.
For all of us. but...
Especially for Hannah.
You just ask
yourself over and over...
What happened?
Todd. Hi.
Andy! Hey!
I. uh. wow.
I guess you got curious too.
about all this Walplex nonsense.
Sure.
Listen. Dr. Mendez
hasn't called in your refill.
It's been a couple of months.
Should I give him a ring?
Uh. no. I'm...
No. there's no need.
Okay. well...
Take care.
Give my best to Olivia. please.
Thank you for this.
Now I know who's responsible.
You are!
You killed Hannah!
Who does that? Who...
The whole thing. Like...
Wait. Shut up. wait.
So the whole Justin thing
was just a rumor?
I totally thought you guys
went to third.
Nope. Just first.
Also. why someone picked
the most boring sport ever
to mark our sexual milestones
still kind of baffles me.
My God. I am so sorry.
I totally misjudged you.
It's cool.
I misjudge me all the time.
Boys are assholes.
Sometimes I think we'd be
better off without them.
I will drink to that.
What is in this?
Vodka. Scotch. Kahlua.
and...
And just enough of anything
the parents won't notice
is missing!
It's kind of like
when you run your soda cup
under the fountain drinks
at the Crestmont.
just. you know. with liquor.
Yeah. my friend Kat and I
used to call it a suicide.
I can't imagine why.
So. yeah.
we kind of lost track
of the plan.
Okay. Your turn.
I dare you to...
Take another drink.
But it was so nice having a
new friend.
Boring!
Well. I don't know.
Okay. your turn.
I dare you to
take off your bra.
Under your shirt. Relax.
Okay.
I dare you to take
off your shirt.
Um... I dare you to kiss me.
Yeah. right.
Seriously?
Come on.
Doesn't mean anything.
Come on. Here.
I'll close my eyes.
Everything okay?
Sorry. I just got turned
around on my way back from...
This is Hannah's room?
Yes.
It is.
But you knew that already.
I what?
I knew you looked familiar.
I saw you standing outside
that window.
I was just. uh...
No. it's okay. I'm not angry.
But. um...
Maybe we could help each other.
You must have questions.
It's actually...
It's getting late. Mrs. Baker.
No. no. no. Please. Clay.
I'm just trying
to piece things together.
You don't need...
My parents are expecting
me home.
No. we...
We never got a note.
We never got a reason.
So now my daughter
might as well be
an acquaintance to me. too.
I have some of her things.
some of her photos.
and. um. her notes.
We could look at them together.
Wait... Wait here?
It's hard to say
exactly how things turned. but
let's just say that night.
things escalated quickly.
While Courtney didn't hear
my stalker arrive.
I did.
Thankfully. I found a way
to kill two birds
with one stone.
Wait.
Who are you?
Tyler?
Tyler Down?
Oh. my God. you said it was
some creepy guy from down
the street!
I thought it was.
Uh. I should...
Wait.
I should go.
What? No. Courtney.
Courtney. wait.
Come back.
Wait.
Please. I just want to talk.
I'm sorry. my mom's
waiting for me.
I'm sorry.
Remember when I said
you wouldn't believe
the skeletons Tyler found?
Turns out they weren't mine.
Hey.
They were Courtney's.
Everything okay?
Everything's great.
Um. I'm sorry
I left last night.
I just wasn't feeling well.
Okay.
Should we at least
talk about it?
There's nothing to talk about.
Okay.
Listen. I'm going to get
those pictures from Tyler. so
don't worry about that.
Yeah. okay. Good.
Good. You should.
Is this all of them?
Yeah.
Um. Hannah. wait.
Um...
Would you ever want to hang out?
You
want to hang out with me?
I guess we all have secrets.
And nobody likes it
when their secret gets out.
What did you do?
Whoa. what's wrong?
No. I talked to Tyler
this morning.
He told me he got rid
of all of them.
Well. he lied.
Group-texted half the school.
Okay. look. calm down.
No one can tell that's us.
You don't think they'll figure
it out?
I shouldn't even be seen
talking to you right now.
Because of a stupid
anonymous picture?
Come on. Hannah.
You of all people should know
what a picture can do to a
person's life.
Me of all people?
I told you...
Just stay away from me. okay?
Courtney.
Funny thing is.
no one ever found out it was us.
That whole fall.
everyone looked
at that picture.
I'd imagine some boys more
than once.
But no one ever knew who it was.
Well. now you know.
So. just a
gentle reminder about
closed doors.
Sorry. Old habits.
I'll work on it.
Your mother has dinner ready.
And a special surprise.
Yeah. Be right down.
Like I said.
we're a society of stalkers.
We're all guilty.
We all look.
We all think things we're
ashamed of.
The only difference is. Tyler...
you got caught.
Guys. I have to go out
after dinner. okay?
Won't be long.
Where you going?
What are you doing here?
Your mom invited me.
There you are!
I ran into Tony's dad
at school today.
I haven't seen Tony in so
long. I thought. why not
invite him to dinner?
You have three older brothers?
God. I only had one.
and we fought constantly.
Though. to be fair.
he's an asshole.
Matt!
Well. we actually get along
pretty well.
Really?
I feel I saw you guys
fighting recently.
Well. that's true.
We're not afraid of
confrontation. but at the end
of the day.
we always know whose
side we're on.
How's that history
project going?
With the cassettes.
That's a good question.
How are things going. Clay?
I. uh...
I think I'm done. actually.
Oh. yeah?
Already?
Yeah.
I think I'm just gonna
pass the project on
to the next student.
Sounds very collaborative.
A colleague of mine at Cornell
is studying collaborative
learning theory.
It actually strengthens
your synapses.
Wow.
Um...
Yeah. it's...
It's like our oral
history is...
Trick or treat!
Passed down through
the generations.
That kind of thing.
Fantastic. It's the oral
tradition.
Except if we don't finish
our part first.
we could fail the whole
assignment.
Right?
We could.
But I doubt it.
I would hate for us to have
to face those repercussions.
Maybe we won't.
Maybe those repercussions
aren't even real.
As your project partner.
I would highly recommend
that we...
Are you
my partner?
The assignment was very clear
what would happen if we broke
the rules.
The assignment was given
by a dead person.
In history.
The historical figure
is dead. obviously.
Sure. sure.
In a sense.
all our assignments
are given by dead people.
Hmm?
I mean. we came here
to get away from
the fucking Walplexes
and... And now.
they've not only followed us.
but...
But they're stealing
our customers.
Walplex isn't the reason why
people aren't coming in. Andy.
They're scared of us.
They can't face us.
What can we do about that?
We could fight.
You know. take on the monolith.
We've got those pictures
from the bathroom
that you took.
We have that list.
And if that's not enough.
then we're just gonna have to
find something else.
because we have to let them
know this is not a
senseless tragedy.
that there are reasons
why this happened.
That our little girl has a face.
And a name.
Okay.
That guy you saw last night.
He messed with my sister.
Me and my brothers
took care of it.
Messed with...
You should call the police.
The police in my neighborhood
are a little different
than yours.
Sometimes when there's no
justice. you gotta make
it for yourself.
Don't go to Bryce's.
Don't listen to Marcus.
Just... Don't do it.
Why not?
It's not what Hannah wanted.
How do you know what Hannah
wanted?
Hey. how do you even...
Marcus told me
he just passed the tapes on.
Marcus lied.
How do you know?
There probably isn't even
a second set of tapes.
It's probably all bullshit.
Hey. it's Hannah.
Hannah Baker.
That's right. Don't adjust
your...
Whatever device you're
hearing this on.
It's me.
live and in stereo.
Thing is...
Even though Tyler
stopped coming around.
I never stopped feeling afraid.
So what could I do after that?
First the school.
then my house...
Even my own bedroom.
Nowhere was safe.
You took all that away.
You guys have any idea
how much shit I'm in
with Jessica?
Where the fuck is he?
He'll be here.
If he doesn't show.
we're done making friends.
We do it my way.
What is your way. exactly?
We make him understand.
Yeah. understand what?
Candy's in the bowl.
You got a delivery.
Holy shit. is that them?
The fuck!
Those are for my dad!
Uh...
Dude! I must be. like.
really stoned or something.
Okay. we should not be
doing this at his house.
Really? Should we do it at
yours?
He's going to find out
eventually.
Maybe he should.
Maybe that's how this ends.
No.
This ends with Clay.
Whatever we have to do. okay?
You're kind of freaking me out.
Maybe you're too fucking
stoned. huh?
You made me paranoid. Tyler.
So now...
I'm giving that to you.
Maybe I'll never know
why you did what you did.
But I can make you understand
how it felt to be me.
That's why I'm outside
your window. Tyler.
And after people hear this.
I bet I won't be the only one.
Knock knock. Tyler.
Oh. shit.
Fucking Clay.
You're so done.
You're so fucking done.